a function that takes a parameter of type Color cannot take a Point as an argument.

Cargo also provides a command called cargo check. 
This command quickly checks your code to make sure it compiles but doesn’t produce an executable.

In fact, to work on any existing projects, 
you can use the following commands to check out the code using Git, change to that project’s directory, 
and build:
$ git clone example.org/someproject
$ cd someproject
$ cargo build

Constants are valid for the entire time a program runs, 
within the scope in which they were declared. 
This property makes constants useful for values in your application domain that multiple parts of the program might need to know about, 
such as the maximum number of points any player of a game is allowed to earn, or the speed of light.

Expressions implicitly return the unit () value if they don’t return any other value.

In function signatures, you must declare the type of each parameter. 

Statements are instructions that perform some action and do not return a value.
Expressions evaluate to a resultant value.
A new scope block created with curly brackets is an expression
Expressions do not include ending semicolons.

All data stored on the stack must have a known, fixed size. 
Data with an unknown size at compile time or a size that might change must be stored on the heap instead.

Each value in Rust has an owner.
There can only be one owner at a time.
When the owner goes out of scope, the value will be dropped.

In most languages without a GC, 
it’s our responsibility to identify when memory is no longer being used and to call code to explicitly free it, 
just as we did to request it. 
Doing this correctly has historically been a difficult programming problem. 
If we forget, we’ll waste memory. 
If we do it too early, we’ll have an invalid variable. 
If we do it twice, that’s a bug too. We need to pair exactly one allocate with exactly one free.

Note that a reference’s scope starts from where it is introduced and continues through the last time that reference is used. 
For instance, 
this code will compile because the last usage of the immutable references is in the println!, 
before the mutable reference is introduced:

Mixing up the width and height wouldn’t matter for the area calculation, 
but if we want to draw the rectangle on the screen, 
it would matter! 
We would have to keep in mind that width is the tuple index 0 and height is the tuple index 1. 
This would be even harder for someone else to figure out and keep in mind if they were to use our code. 
Because we haven’t conveyed the meaning of our data in our code, it’s now easier to introduce errors.

Rust doesn’t have an equivalent to the -> operator; 
instead, Rust has a feature called automatic referencing and dereferencing. 
Calling methods is one of the few places in Rust with this behavior.

Associated functions that aren’t methods are often used for constructors that will return a new instance of the struct. 
These are often called new, but new isn’t a special name and isn’t built into the language. 
For example, we could choose to provide an associated function named square that would have one dimension parameter and use that as both width and height, 
thus making it easier to create a square Rectangle rather than having to specify the same value twice:

enums give you a way of saying a value is one of a possible set of values.
At one time only a value can be used.

The Option<T> enum is so useful that it’s even included in the prelude; 
you don’t need to bring it into scope explicitly. 
Its variants are also included in the prelude: 
You can use Some and None directly without the Option:: prefix. 

Using if let means less typing, less indentation, and less boilerplate code. 
However, you lose the exhaustive checking match enforces that ensures that you aren’t forgetting to handle any cases. 
Choosing between match and if let depends on what you’re doing in your particular situation and whether gaining conciseness is an appropriate trade-off for losing exhaustive checking.

A crate can come in one of two forms: a binary crate or a library crate. 
Binary crates are programs you can compile to an executable that you can run, 
such as a command line program or a server. 
Each must have a function called main that defines what happens when the executable runs. 
Library crates don’t have a main function, and they don’t compile to an executable. 
Instead, they define functionality intended to be shared with multiple projects. 
Most of the time when Rustaceans say “crate,” they mean library crate, 
and they use “crate” interchangeably with the general programming concept of a “library.”

A package can contain as many binary crates as you like, but at most only one library crate. 
A package must contain at least one crate, whether that’s a library or binary crate.

A crate is the smallest amount of code that the Rust compiler considers at a time.

Earlier, we mentioned that src/main.rs and src/lib.rs are called crate roots. 
The reason for their name is that the contents of either of these two files form a module named crate at the root of the crate’s module structure, 
known as the module tree.